iothub/device/samples/XamarinSample/readme.md, before:

# Microsoft Azure IoT device SDK Xamarin Samples for .NET

This folder contains the following samples:

### Device client samples for Android
* Send and Receive Messages through HTTP, AMQP

### Device client samples for iOS
* Send and Receive Messages through HTTP, AMQP

### Device client samples for UWP
* Send and Receive Messages through HTTP, MQTT

## Running the Xamarin Samples:
* Include the following projects in your workspace to run the samples:
    * XamarinSample
    * XamarinSample.Android, XamarinSample.iOS, XamarinSample.UWP (based on your requirement)
* Set either XamarinSample.Android, XamarinSample.iOS or XamarinSample.UWP as the startup project (based on your requirement).
* Set the device connection string "DeviceConnectionString", and the device ID "deviceId".
* Run the sample on either a simulator or a device.

## Known issues with Android build:
* While building Android App, if it throws the following error:
    ```Could not load assembly 'System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe' during startup registration. This might be due to an invalid debug installation. A common cause is to 'adb install' the app directly instead of doing from the ID```

    This is due to a currently open Xamarin issue: [System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe linked away in release leading to crashes][xamarin-link]

    There are 3 workarounds currently listed:

    __Option - 1:__

    * Set the Linking to "SDK and User Libraries in Xamarin.Android Properties --> Android Options.
    * This will link all libraries, including user defined ones. User defined code can get removed if there is no static reference. If this happens, user code needs to be preserved. Follow https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/deploy-test/linker#preserving-code

    __Option - 2:__

    * Set the Linking to "SDK Libraries only" in Xamarin.Android Properties --> Android Options
    * Go to C:\Users\%user%\.nuget\system.runtime.compilerservices.unsafe\4.4.0, and delete "ref"       folder then make a copy of "lib" folder and rename the copy back to "ref". 
    * Cleanup all the "bin" and "obj" folders in the projects.
    * Rebuild and run..
    * Repeat for any other assembly that throws that error

    __Option - 3:__

    * Use packages.config file for nuget packages instead of PackageReference

    
    [xamarin-link]: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/issues/1196

Commit message:

Update readme for Xamarin notice

iothub/device/samples/XamarinSample/readme.md, after:

# Microsoft Azure IoT device SDK Xamarin Samples for .NET

**Xamarin is not an officially supported platform!  There are known issues on Xamarin and progress is tracked in ["Xamarin stabilization"](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/projects/1) project.**

This folder contains the following samples:

### Device client samples for Android
* Send and Receive Messages through HTTP, AMQP

### Device client samples for iOS
* Send and Receive Messages through HTTP, AMQP

### Device client samples for UWP
* Send and Receive Messages through HTTP, MQTT

## Running the Xamarin Samples:
* Include the following projects in your workspace to run the samples:
    * XamarinSample
    * XamarinSample.Android, XamarinSample.iOS, XamarinSample.UWP (based on your requirement)
* Set either XamarinSample.Android, XamarinSample.iOS or XamarinSample.UWP as the startup project (based on your requirement).
* Set the device connection string "DeviceConnectionString", and the device ID "deviceId".
* Run the sample on either a simulator or a device.

## Known issues with Android build:
* While building Android App, if it throws the following error:
    ```Could not load assembly 'System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe' during startup registration. This might be due to an invalid debug installation. A common cause is to 'adb install' the app directly instead of doing from the ID```

    This is due to a currently open Xamarin issue: [System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe linked away in release leading to crashes][xamarin-link]

    There are 3 workarounds currently listed:

    __Option - 1:__

    * Set the Linking to "SDK and User Libraries in Xamarin.Android Properties --> Android Options.
    * This will link all libraries, including user defined ones. User defined code can get removed if there is no static reference. If this happens, user code needs to be preserved. Follow https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/deploy-test/linker#preserving-code

    __Option - 2:__

    * Set the Linking to "SDK Libraries only" in Xamarin.Android Properties --> Android Options
    * Go to C:\Users\%user%\.nuget\system.runtime.compilerservices.unsafe\4.4.0, and delete "ref"       folder then make a copy of "lib" folder and rename the copy back to "ref". 
    * Cleanup all the "bin" and "obj" folders in the projects.
    * Rebuild and run..
    * Repeat for any other assembly that throws that error

    __Option - 3:__

    * Use packages.config file for nuget packages instead of PackageReference

    
    [xamarin-link]: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/issues/1196
